Fix: @aspnet/signalr -> @microsoft/signalr (#17333)
aspnet/AspNetCore: src/SignalR/README.md

You can install the latest released JavaScript client from npm with the following command:

```bash
npm install @microsoft/signalr
```

The `@microsoft/signalr` package (and it's dependencies) require NPM 5.6.0 or higher.

> **NOTE:** Previous previews of the SignalR client library for JavaScript were named `@aspnet/signalr-client`. This has been deprecated as of Preview 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Previous versions of the SignalR client were named `@aspnet/signalr` or `@aspnet/signalr-client`.
```

Author: Done
